Actor Tenoch Huerta Mejía can't wait to make his first Marvel movie appearance in "Black

Panther: Wakanda Forever." He is nervous, though, knowing his life will change.

"I feel like I'm on the beach and it's warm and beautiful, but the tsunami's coming," the Mexican actor says with a smile.

In the second "Black Panther" movie, Mejia plays the bad guy Namor, the leader of an underwater kingdom called Talokan. The movie will be in theaters on November 11. It was directed by Ryan Coogler.

The Oscar-nominated 2018 hit "Black Panther" celebrated Black people and African traditions.

Meanwhile, "Wakanda Forever" could do the same for the Latino community. The movie is about a global superpower inspired by Mayan and Mesoamerican culture.

Mesoamerica refers to a region that includes Central America and the southern part of Mexico.

The Mayans, an Indigenous culture in this land, once held great power.

In the first "Black Panther," Chadwick Boseman played King T°Challa. At the end of the movie, the king told the world that Wakanda, considered by many a poor nation, was actually the most technologically powerful country on the planet.

In the second movie, King T'Challa has died. His people are grieving his loss. That's when Namor invades Wakanda, because T'Challa can no longer protect them.

"Wakanda has the privilege in some ways of opening themselves up to the surface world in the present day because they've amassed so much power," says producer Nate Moore. "Namor's people don't feel like they have that same privilege. They've had to flee before and they know what conquest can look like and how damaging that can be."

Namor the Sub-Mariner, as he's been known in the comic books since 1939, is one of Marvel's oldest superheroes. The character first appeared before Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four and even Captain America.

Just as in the comic book, Moore says, "Namor is a relatively conceited character and believes he knows better than everyone." Meia sees Namor as a character who wants to "keep his people safe and hide from the exterior world."

He's also a mutant who can fly, thanks to wings on his ankles. He's older than the rest of the Talokan people and has pointy ears, but doesn't have the same blue skin color. Those differences set Namor apart in a way that's "a bit emotionally isolating," Moore adds. "There's a tragedy to that character and a wisdom that comes with loss."

The first "Black Panther" focused on the characters around T°Challa. "Wakanda Forever" does the same thing with Namor, introducing fans to Namora, played by Mabel Cadena, and Attuma, played by Alex Livinalli, as his trusted advisors.

Namora, Namor's cousin in the comics, is the Talokan king's "right hand." She's both a princess and a fighter, says Cadena, a Mexican actress. The fearsome Attuma is "a force to be reckoned with," says Livinalli, who was born in Venezuela and raised in Miami Beach, Florida. "He's the type of guy you don't want to (tick) off, but there's a very noble humanity to him."

While the comic-book Namor rules over a legendary kingdom called Atlantis, "Wakanda Forever" filmmakers chose a new setting. They designed a Talokan kingdom anchored in Mayan history and legends.

The actors were impressed by the level of detail in the Talokan wardrobe, art pieces and symbols.

Cadena was wowed by the "amazing" masks, which are important in Mexican culture.

Mayan experts were hired for the production, including a linguist. A linguist is someone who is skilled in languages. Talokan characters communicate with one another in the Yucatec language, one of many Mayan languages. "I thought coming in, 'I'm fluent in Spanish; Mayan is not going to be that difficult.' Wrong!" Livinalli says.

Mejia felt pride and happiness seeing himself in full Namor mode in the mirror for the first time. "It was like, 'Oh my god, this is serious. This is good. This is beautiful,' he said.

He's received messages from fans about how important it is to see Latino actors in "Wakanda

Forever."

"We are here now, and we are not going anywhere," Meja says.

Livinalli also takes that to heart: "My mom brought me here for a better life. This could show other kids, 'Hey, you know what? My mom brought me here. Perhaps I can do it, too.'
